Polymorphism
is the ability of the java object to take on many forms

Inheritance
a mechanism where new class can derived from existing classes

Abstraction
abstraction is used to hide certain detail but reveal only ensential features 

Encapsulation
wrapping the data and code acting on data together as a single unit.

Aggreagation
A has-a relation between two classes, like one class has the other class as a member

Composition
speciation case of aggregation(has a relation ship), parent object dead, child object die too


Association
Relationship between two classes, could be one to one or one to many….


What is default class modifier?
when no specific class modifier its default, it can be accessed within the package


What are the different method access modifiers?
default: within pacakge
public: everyone can see
private: only with in the class
protected: within the pacakge and subclasses in different pacage


What is the use of a final modifier on a class?
class can not be extended


What is the use of a final modifier on a method?
method can not be overidding


Which package is always imported by default?
java.lang

Can I import same package/class twice? Will the JVM load the package twice at runtime?
Yes, can import multiple times but jvm only load once


Does importing a package imports the sub packages as well? E.g. Does importing com.bob.* also import com.bob.code.*?
no, must specific import


What is a Java package and how is it used?
package is like folders to better organize and management of files.
Also avoid duplicate name of files.

Explain the usage of Java packages.
package is like folders to better organize and management of files.
Also avoid duplicate name of files.

Are the imports checked for validity at compile time? 
yes

Difference between Public, Private, Default and Protected ?
default: within pacakge
public: everyone can see
private: only with in the class
protected: within the pacakge and subclasses in different pacage



 Can we reduce the visibility of the overridden method ?
  cant



 Which access specifier can be used with Class ?
public default private protected

 Can we reduce the visibility of the inherited or overridden method ?
cant

What will happen if we make the constructor private ?
constructor wont be accessible outside of your class so other classes wont be able to call it. 


 Can we instantiate the object of derived class if parent constructor is protected ?
yes

 Can we declare an abstract method private ?
no

What is strictfp keyword and when do you use it?
Strict floating point operations, ensures all platform have same result for floating point operation

What is instanceOf operator?
test whether the object is an instance of the specific type


